{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh13160\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 ========================================================================\
    CONSOLE APPLICATION : teamLab4 Project Overview\
========================================================================\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 Seth Karpel (437927)\
Terry Lyu (435091)\
Michael Wang (438275)\
CSE 332\
Lab 4\
\
FiveCardDraw:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Non-intuitive discard interface:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
First note that card positions are given 0-4, inclusive. While deciding which cards to discard, it is best practice in our program to first enter the lowest value card position, as its removal will impact the value of the positions of the subsequent cards. \'a0\
For example, in a 5 card hand with positions 0 1 2 3 4, if the second card were to be removed, ie, 0 X 2 3 4, the hand re-initializes to 0 X 1 2 3. \'a0This process takes place as each value is being read in. \'a0Thus, to remove the second and third cards in a hand, the proper input would 1 1, and NOT 1 2.\
\
Betting Terminology:  (A bit unorthodox)\
bet = +1\
megabet = +2\
raise = +1\
megaraise = +2\
reraise = +1\
megareraise = +2 (re-raise the existing raise by 2)\
call, fold, check are standard.\
antes are always +1\
\
Some things we ran into along the way:\
- Combination and poker ranking the seven card studs hands threw errors when comparisons were drawn between identical cards \'97 strict weak ordering errors.  Mostly fixed, tricky to find edge cases given the randomly generated shuffle of the cards producing varied hands.\
- signed/unsigned warnings \'97 patched\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 AppWizard has created this teamLab4 application for you.\
\
This file contains a summary of what you will find in each of the files that\
make up your teamLab4 application.\
\
\
teamLab4.vcxproj\
    This is the main project file for VC++ projects generated using an Application Wizard.\
    It contains information about the version of Visual C++ that generated the file, and\
    information about the platforms, configurations, and project features selected with the\
    Application Wizard.\
\
teamLab4.vcxproj.filters\
    This is the filters file for VC++ projects generated using an Application Wizard. \
    It contains information about the association between the files in your project \
    and the filters. This association is used in the IDE to show grouping of files with\
    similar extensions under a specific node (for e.g. ".cpp" files are associated with the\
    "Source Files" filter).\
\
teamLab4.cpp\
    This is the main application source file.\
\
/////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////\
Other standard files:\
\
StdAfx.h, StdAfx.cpp\
    These files are used to build a precompiled header (PCH) file\
    named teamLab4.pch and a precompiled types file named StdAfx.obj.\
\
/////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////\
Other notes:\
\
AppWizard uses "TODO:" comments to indicate parts of the source code you\
should add to or customize.\
\
/////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////}